Hi.
Let's continue.
So let me come back to my this cluster.
And here you can see 3 tasks are running and 1 service.
So let me click on my this cluster and then service and create service.
Launch type.
It's a Fargate only and operating system is Linux.
Task definition.
I'm going to choose this one and platform I'm going to choose this one cluster.
I want this service should be the part of this cluster service name I'm going to take Fargate.
nginx service.
Demo 1 or demo 5.
Maybe this name is already there.
That's why I have taken 5.
Number.
Number of tasks I want 2.
So 3 tasks are already running.
So 2 more tasks would be there.
So total task would be there.
5 okay and all default option.
Let me click on next and here you have to provide VPC.
This is my VPC and subnet.
Security group.
Save.
Next step next.
Create service.
View service.
So this is my service details.
And inside this service, we have 2 task.
Let me cross-check.
So here you can see 5 tasks out there because I have just clicked on the cluster.
Now let me click this service.
Inside this service, we have 2 tasks, and both the tasks are in running state.
So let me copy the IP.
And paste here.
Now you can see that my this service is running properly.
Suppose I'm going to stop by this VM.
Will it affect my this container?
Answer is no, because we have already created image and that image is in ECR repository.
And this task which we have created, it has taken the image from the AWS ECR.
Now coming back here, this is my cluster and you can see 5 task are running.
So let me select this task and stop it.
So manually, I have stopped 1 task of this service.
Now you can see that immediately.
It has created one more service because these tasks are managing by the service, because these tasks
are being managing by the service.
So that's all we'll see you in the next lecture.